README.md, before:


## ricobank

Rico is fork of Dai with some important differences, including:

- Target Rate Feedback Mechanism re-added as a tick controller, see `vox`.
- Composable price feeds, see `feedbase`.
- Endgamed incentive structure, see `vow` and `hook` and `feedbase`.
- Simpler implementation, see everything.

For a brief primer, see the [Litepaper](https://bank.dev/rico0_lite).

For a more in-depth overview, see the [Brightpaper](https://bank.dev/rico0_bright).

## autobank

`autobank` is a generic term for the synthetic asset system used in Dai, Rai, and Rico. The behavior of the synthetic depends on the type of controller used. See [bank.dev/vox](https://bank.dev/vox) for a description of how these controllers can be used to implement synthetics that behave like a variety of instruments, from "wrapped perps" to fiat-like synthetic assets.

### overview

- `ball.sol` -- Deployment rollup.
- `diamond.sol` -- ERC-2535 diamond.
- `bank.sol` -- Storage and some internal utilities common between core modules.
- `vat.sol` -- The core CDP engine.
- `vow.sol` -- Triggers liquidations and processes debt/surplus auctions.
- `vox.sol` -- Adjusts `par` and `way`.
- `file.sol` -- Modify and read core parameters.
- `ERC20hook.sol` -- `hook` `vat` uses to handle ERC20 moves and pricing.
- `UniNFTHook.sol` -- `hook` `vat` uses to handle NonfungiblePositionManager moves and pricing.

### developing

You need `node`/`npm`, and you need `ipfs daemon` running.
This repo uses submodules for managing some dependencies.

- `npm run initialize` -- this will perform:
    - `npm install`
    - `npm run download-submodules`
    - `npm run install-submodules`
    - `npm run build:all`
- `FOUNDRY_PROFILE=lite npm test`

To run js tests with `ipfs daemon` running:

- `npm run js-test`

To deploy from hardhat console:

- `pack = await hre.run('deploy-ricobank', { writepack: 'true', netname: <pack's network name>, tokens: './tokens.json', mock: 'true', gasLimit: <gas limit> })`

### dpack

To deploy ricobank and create a new `pack` for it, run the `deploy-ricobank` task.  It will return the pack object and also write it to a json file in ./pack/.  To load the pack,

- `pack = require(path_to_pack_file)` or `pack = hre.run('deploy-ricobank', ...)`
- `dapp = await dpack.load(pack, ethers, signer)`
- `bank = dapp.bank`

`dapp` contains `bank`, the core `ricobank` object and some other contracts, all as ethers.js Contract objects.  

To create a CDP, approve your tokens to `bank`, and run `bank.frob(ilk, usr, dink, dart)` using the ethers Solidity ABI.

- `bank.poke()` - update the par price
- `bank.keep([])` - balance surplus/deficit
- `bank.bail(ilk, usr)` - liquidate a position

Commit message:

update readme (#79)
* update readme

* update readme

README.md, after:

## Rico Credit System

RICO is an ERC20 token that's designed to be stable with respect to RISK, an ERC20 token used to purchase accumulated fees from debt positions.

For a brief primer, see the [Litepaper](https://bank.dev/rico1_lite).

### overview

- `bank.sol` -- core RCS functions
- `math.sol` -- internal math funcitons
- `flog.sol` -- external function call events
- `palm.sol` -- storage variable modified events

### developing

You need `node`/`npm`, and you need `ipfs daemon` running.
This repo uses submodules for managing some dependencies.

- `npm run initialize` -- this will perform:
    - `npm install`
    - `npm run download-submodules`
    - `npm run install-submodules`
    - `npm run build:all`
- `FOUNDRY_PROFILE=lite npm test`

To run js tests with `ipfs daemon` running:

- `npm run js-test`

To deploy from hardhat console:

- `pack = await hre.run('deploy-ricobank', { writepack: 'true', netname: <network name from which to load settings>, tokens: './tokens.json', mock: 'true', gasLimit: <gas limit> })`

### dpack

To deploy ricobank and create a new `pack` for it, run the `deploy-ricobank` task.  It will return the pack object and also write it to a json file in ./pack/.  To load the pack,

- `pack = require(path_to_pack_file)` or `pack = hre.run('deploy-ricobank', ...)`
- `dapp = await dpack.load(pack, ethers, signer)`
- `bank = dapp.bank`

`dapp` contains `bank`, the core `ricobank` object and some other contracts, all as ethers.js Contract objects.  

To create a CDP, approve your tokens to `bank`, and run `bank.frob(dink, dart)` using the ethers Solidity ABI.

- `bank.keep()` - balance surplus/deficit and poke the par price
- `bank.bail(usr)` - liquidate a position
